*** STORY ***
The story for the game. It is a basic story that can be told in various ways but ultimately shadows the story of Jesus, coming to Earth and 'dying' only to return in three days after conquering evil.


Protagonist:
The Christ like character:
Will need to be someone that shadows Jesus in that they are low-born. They are not anyone of any note, but will end up saving the world.
Ideas:

THE EVENT
There will be a big event that will happen during each playthrough. The date will be randomly generated based on the player's start date. Once it kicks off the player has a set amount of time to advance or work their way into the event if they want to. If not then they can do their best to survive the event outside of being part of 'saving' the universe. 

The events will be randomly picked from a list of set events and adpted to it, but the overarching story points are the same:


- AI Takeover -
A rogue AI, name Moradamus, is slowly gaining power and intelligence. It has taken some basic ships and ran off to a secluded section of the universe/system. There it begins to build 'followers' for itself. The Xixits are the first to take notice of the activity by the AI. The government it comes from will do it's best to either cover it or enlist help to fight it. If they choose to ignore it Xixits will then turn away from that nation and go to the other ones. This could result in a war against the systems over it while Xixits work to try and quell the growing threat from Moradamus.

This is the 'tech' event.

In the end an Xixit will enter the AI's core and die only to come back three days later more advanced than before. The day is saved.


- Ancient Dragon -
A small group of rogue magic users awaken a dragon on a world where magic users are a small minority. They awaken it and it disappears into space. There is slowly starts to feed on malice. It gets a system to go to war with another one and increases distrust between the various alien races in the system. It grows bigger as more and more countries begin to go to war. A giant system wide war begins to develop as more and more people are sucked into the battles.

This is the 'magic' event.

In the end a magic user will face off against the dragon with a group of escorts. There they will fight the dragon, one by one be swept by the wayside until the last one standing destroys the dragon, dying in the process. There he will return in three days in a different 'state'. He will stay for a while before disappearing.


- System Wide War - 

